
<h1>Terms and Conditions</h1>
<p>
This agreement was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
Date of Last Revision: January 11, 2012.
</p>
<h1>Statement of Rights and Responsibilities </h1>
<p>
This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ("Statement," "Terms," or "SRR") derives from our terms of service that governs our relationship with users and others who uses www.anti0scams.com. By using or accessing www.anti0scams.com, you agree to this Statement, as updated from time to time in accordance with last section below. Additionally, you will find resources at the end of this document that help you understand how our web-site or services works.
</p>

<h1>Agreement between user and www.anti0scams.com</h1>
<p>
Welcome to www.anti0scams.com. The www.anti0scams.com website (the "Site") is comprised
of various web pages operated by Anti0Scams ("A0S"). www.anti0scams.com is offered to you
conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices
contained herein (the "Terms"). Your use of www.anti0scams.com constitutes your agreement to
all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
www.anti0scams.com is a Forum/Online discussion Site that users express their feelings.
</p>
<h1>Electronic Communications</h1>
<p>
Visiting www.anti0scams.com or sending emails to A0S constitutes electronic communications.
You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices,
disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the
Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
</p>
<h1>Safety</h1>
<p>
We do our best to keep A0Ssafe, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to keep A0S safe, which includes the following commitments by you: 
You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on A0S.
You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access A0S, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on A0S.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.
You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including advertisements) without appropriate age-based restrictions.
You will follow our Promotions Guidelines and all applicable laws if you publicize or offer any contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes (¡°promotion¡±) on A0S.
You will not use A0S to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.
You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of A0S, such as a denial of service attack or interference with page rendering or other A0S functionality.
You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.
</p>
<h1>Your account</h1>
<p>
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for
all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer
your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that A0S is not responsible for third
party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. A0S and
its associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit
content in our sole discretion.
A0S does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under
the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use www.anti0scams.com only with permission
of a parent or guardian.








A0S users provide their real names and information, and we need your help to keep it that way. Here are some commitments you make to us relating to registering and maintaining the security of your account: 
You will not provide any false personal information on A0S, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
You will not create more than one personal account.
If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our permission.
You will not use your personal timeline primarily for your own commercial gain, and will use a A0S Page for such purposes.
You will not use A0S if you are under 13.
You will not use A0S if you are a convicted sex offender.
You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
You will not share your password (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.
You will not transfer your account (including any Page or application you administer) to anyone without first getting our written permission.
If you select a username or similar identifier for your account or Page, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it is appropriate (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name).
</p>


<h1>Protecting Other People's Rights</h1>
<p>
We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same. 
You will not post content or take any action on A0S that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.
We can remove any content or information you post on A0S if we believe that it violates this Statement or our policies.
If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
You will not use our copyrights or trademarks (including A0S, the A0S and F Logos, FB, Face, Poke, Book and Wall), or any confusingly similar marks, except as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not A0S) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.
You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on A0S.
You will not tag users or send email invitations to non-users without their consent. A0S offers social reporting tools to enable users to provide feedback about tagging.
</p>

 <h1>About Advertisements and Other Commercial Content Served or Enhanced by A0S</h1>
 <p>
 Our goal is to deliver ads and commercial content that are valuable to our users and advertisers. In order to help us do that, you agree to the following: 
You can use your privacy settings to limit how your name and profile picture may be associated with commercial, sponsored, or related content (such as a brand you like) served or enhanced by us. You give us permission to use your name and profile picture in connection with that content, subject to the limits you place.
We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.
You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications as such. 
</p>
 <h1>Special Provisions Applicable to Advertisers</h1>
 <p>You can target your desired audience by buying ads on A0S or our publisher network. The following additional terms apply to you if you place an order through our online advertising portal (Order): 
When you place an Order, you will tell us the type of advertising you want to buy, the amount you want to spend, and your bid. If we accept your Order, we will deliver your ads as inventory becomes available. When serving your ad, we do our best to deliver the ads to the audience you specify, although we cannot guarantee in every instance that your ad will reach its intended target.
In instances where we believe doing so will enhance the effectiveness of your advertising campaign, we may broaden the targeting criteria you specify.
You will pay for your Orders in accordance with our Payments Terms. The amount you owe will be calculated based on our tracking mechanisms.
Your ads will comply with our Advertising Guidelines.
We will determine the size, placement, and positioning of your ads.
We do not guarantee the activity that your ads will receive, such as the number of clicks your ads will get.
We cannot control how clicks are generated on your ads. We have systems that attempt to detect and filter certain click activity, but we are not responsible for click fraud, technological issues, or other potentially invalid click activity that may affect the cost of running ads.
You can cancel your Order at any time through our online portal, but it may take up to 24 hours before the ad stops running.  You are responsible for paying for all ads that run.
Our license to run your ad will end when we have completed your Order. You understand, however, that if users have interacted with your ad, your ad may remain until the users delete it.
We can use your ads and related content and information for marketing or promotional purposes.
You will not issue any press release or make public statements about your relationship with A0S without our prior written permission.
We may reject or remove any ad for any reason.
If you are placing ads on someone else's behalf, you must have permission to place those ads, including the following: 
You warrant that you have the legal authority to bind the advertiser to this Statement.
You agree that if the advertiser you represent violates this Statement, we may hold you responsible for that violation.
</p>



 <h1>Definitions</h1>
 <p>
 By "A0S" we mean the features and services we make available, including through (a) our website at www.anti0scams.com and any other A0S branded or co-branded websites (including sub-domains, international versions, widgets, and mobile versions); (b) our Platform; (c) social plugins such as the Like button, the Share button and other similar offerings and (d) other media, software (such as a toolbar), devices, or networks now existing or later developed.
By "Platform" we mean a set of APIs and services (such as content) that enable others, including application developers and website operators, to retrieve data from A0S or provide data to us.
By "information" we mean facts and other information about you, including actions taken by users and non-users who interact with A0S.
By "content" we mean anything you or other users post on A0S that would not be included in the definition of information.
By "data" or "user data" or "user's data" we mean any data, including a user's content or information that you or third parties can retrieve from A0S or provide to A0S through Platform.
By "post" we mean post on A0S or otherwise make available by using A0S.
By "use" we mean use, copy, publicly perform or display, distribute, modify, translate, and create derivative works of.
By "active registered user" we mean a user who has logged into A0S at least once in the previous 30 days.
By "application" we mean any application or website that uses or accesses Platform, as well as anything else that receives or has received data from us.  If you no longer access Platform but have not deleted all data from us, the term application will apply until you delete the data.
</p>

<h1>Links to third party sites/Third party services</h1>
<p>
www.anti0scams.com may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are
not under the control of A0S and A0S is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site,
including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a
Linked Site. A0S is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any
link does not imply endorsement by A0S of the site or any association with its operators.
Certain services made available via www.anti0scams.com are delivered by third party sites and
organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the
www.anti0scams.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that A0S may share such
information and data with any third party with whom A0S has a contractual relationship to provide
the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.anti0scams.com users and
customers.
</p>

<h1>No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property</h1>
<p>
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use
www.anti0scams.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of
the Site, you warrant to A0S that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or
prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable,
overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site.
You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not
intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the
compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of A0S or its suppliers and
protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You
agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other
restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create
derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site.
A0S content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized
use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or
attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and
will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of A0S and the
copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content.
We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of A0S or our
licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
</p>

<h1>Use of communication services</h1>
<p>
The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities,
personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to
enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication
Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages
and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service,
you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as
rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any
inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material
or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual
property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or
have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other
similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or
offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication
Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes
or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you
know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete
any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the
origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit
 
any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct
or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or
otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent;
violate any applicable laws or regulations.
A0S has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, A0S reserves the right
to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole
discretion. A0S reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication
Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
A0S reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any
information or materials, in whole or in part, in A0S's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your
children in any Communication Service. A0S does not control or endorse the content, messages or
information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, A0S specifically disclaims any
liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your
participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized A0S
spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of A0S.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage,
reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you
upload the materials.
</p>
<h1>Materials provided to www.anti0scams.com or posted on any A0S web page</h1>
<p>
A0S does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to www.anti0scams.com (including
feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any A0S Site or our associated
services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or
submitting your Submission you are granting A0S, our affiliated companies and necessary
sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet
businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display,
publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your
name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein.
A0S is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any
Submission at any time in A0S's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and
represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this
section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input
or submit the Submissions.</p>

<h1>International Users</h1>
<p1>
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by A0S from our offices within the USA. If
 
you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with
all local laws. You agree that you will not use the A0S Content accessed through
www.anti0scams.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws,
restrictions or regulations.</div>

<h1>Indemnification</h1>
<p>
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless A0S, its officers, directors, employees, agents
and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user
postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights
of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. A0S reserves the
right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject
to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with A0S in asserting any
available defenses.
</p>

<h1>Liability disclaimer</h1>
<p>
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR
AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE
INFORMATION HEREIN. ANTI0SCAMS AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE
IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME.
ANTI0SCAMS AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE
SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED
GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. ANTI0SCAMS AND/OR
ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH
REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND
RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
SHALL ANTI0SCAMS AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES
FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR
FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE,
PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE,
OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
 
ANTI0SCAMS OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF
THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO
DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
</p>

<h1>Termination/access restriction</h1>
<p>
A0S reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related
services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by
law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and you hereby consent to
the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in New York in all disputes arising out of or relating
to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to
all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between
you and A0S as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. A0S's performance of this agreement
is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in
derogation of A0S's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or
requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by A0S with
respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable
pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability
limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded
by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and
the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user
and A0S with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications
and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and A0S with respect to the
Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be
admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the
same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records
originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this
agreement and all related documents be written in English.</p>

<h1>Changes to Terms</h1>
<p>
A0S reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which
www.anti0scams.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous
versions. A0S encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.</p>